Bucky?
Who the hell is Bucky?
Drop the shield, Cap!
Get on your knees!
Get down, get down!
Down!
Don't move.
Put the gun down.
Not here. Not here!
It was him.
He looked right at me like
he didn't even know me.
How is that even possible?
It was, like, 70 years ago.
Zola.
Bucky's whole unit was captured in '43.
Zola experimented on him.
Whatever he did helped
Bucky survive the fall.
They must have found him and...
None of that's your fault, Steve.
Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky.
We need to get a doctor here.
If we don't put pressure on that wound,
she's gonna bleed out here in the truck.
That thing was squeezing my brain.
Who is this guy?
Three holes. Start digging.
GSW. She's lost at least a pint.
Maybe two.
- Let me take her.
- She'll want to see him first.
About damn time.
Ah...
Okay.
It's just like old times, huh?
Oh, yeah. With zip ties.
It's a ball.
It wasn't my idea.
Okay. So you took Killian's card.
I took his money.
And here you are 13 years later,
in a dungeon.
- No.
- Yeah.
No, you're in a dungeon.
I'm free to go.
Yeah?
A lot has happened, Tony.
But I'm close.
EXTREMIS is practically stabilised.
I'm telling you it isn't.
I'm on the street.
People are going bang.
They're painting the walls.
Maya, you're kidding yourself.
Then help me fix it.
Did I do that?
Yes.
I remember the night, not the morning.
Is this what
you've been chasing around?
- You don't remember?
- I can't help you.
You used to have a moral psychology.
You used to have ideals.
You wanted to help people.
Now look at you.
I get to wake up every morning
with someone who
still has their soul.
Get me out of here.
Come on.
You know what my old man
used to say to me?
One of his favourite of many sayings...
"The early bird gets the worm, but
the second mouse gets the cheese."
You're not still pissed off
about the Switzerland thing, are you?
How can I be pissed at you, Tony?
I'm here to thank you.
You gave me the greatest gift
that anybody's ever given me.
Desperation.
If you think back to Switzerland,
you said you'd meet me
on the rooftop, right?
Well, for the first 20 minutes,
I actually thought you'd show up.
And the next hour...
I considered taking that
one-step shortcut to the lobby.
If you know what I mean.
Honestly, I'm still trying to figure out
what happened to the first mouse.
But as I looked out over that city,
nobody knew I was there,
nobody could see me,
no one was even looking.
I had a thought that would
guide me for years to come.
Anonymity, Tony.
Thanks to you,
it's been my mantra ever since.
Right?
You simply rule
from behind the scenes.
Because the second
you give evil a face,
a bin Laden, a Gaddafi, a Mandarin,
you hand the people a target.
You're something else.
You have met him, I assume?
Yes. Sir Laurence Oblivier.
I know he's a little
over the top sometimes.
It's not entirely my fault.
He has a tenden...
He's a stage actor.
They say his Lear was
the toast of Croydon, wherever that is.
Anyway, the point is,
ever since that big dude
with the hammer fell out of the sky,
subtlety has kind of had its day.
What's next for you in your world?
Well, I wanted to repay you
the selfsame gift
that you so graciously imparted to me.
Desperation.
Now, this is live.
I'm not sure if you can tell,
but at this moment
the body is trying to decide
whether to accept EXTREMIS
or just give up.
And if it gives up,
I have to say,
the detonation is quite spectacular.
But until that point,
it's really just a lot of pain.
We haven't even talked salary yet.
What kind of perk package
are you thinking of?
Let him go.
Hold on, hold on.
Maya...
I said, let him go.
What are you doing?
1200 CCs.
A dose half of this size, I'm dead.
It's times like this my temper
is tested somewhat.
Maya, give me the injector.
If I die, Killian,
what happens to your soldiers?
What happens to your product?
We're not doing this, okay?
What happens to you?
What happens if you go too hot?
The good news is,
a high-level position
has just been vacated.
You are a maniac.
No, I'm a visionary.
But I do own a maniac.
And he takes the stage tonight.
Once we get the Patriot installed,
it will take me
nine or 10 minutes for the takedown.
Well, that's great,
but the last time I looked
there was somebody
inside of it.
Afternoon, gentlemen.
Hello, Colonel.
Step aside.
Oh!
We'll get you out of there.
Don't worry.
You'll damage the armour.
Yes, I will.
But you can fix it, right?
I'm gonna take the Chinook
to base camp.
And I want Potts with me.
She's still in Phase Two.
You're not going deaf, are you?
Lacerated spinal column,
cracked sternum,
shattered collarbone,
perforated liver,
and one hell of a headache.
Don't forget your collapsed lung.
Let's not forget that.
Otherwise, I'm good.
They cut you open. Your heart stopped.
Tetrodotoxin B.
Slows the pulse to one beat a minute.
Banner developed it for stress.
Didn't work so great for him,
but we found a use for it.
Why all the secrecy?
Why not just tell us?
Any attempt on the Director's
life had to look successful.
Can't kill you if you're already dead.
Besides,
I wasn't sure who to trust.
Sergeant Barnes.
Bucky, no!
The procedure has already started.
You are to be the new fist of HYDRA.
Put him on ice.
Sir.
He's unstable.
Erratic.
Mission report.
Mission report now.
The man on the bridge.
Who was he?
You met him earlier this week
on another assignment.
I knew him.
Your work has been a gift to mankind.
You shaped the century.
And I need you to do it one more time.
Society's at a tipping point
between order and chaos.
And tomorrow morning,
we're gonna give it a push.
But, if you don't do your part,
I can't do mine.
And HYDRA can't give the world
the freedom it deserves.
But I knew him.
Prep him.
He's been out of cryo freeze too long.
Then wipe him and start over.
What I could do with the power
that flows through those veins.
It would consume you.
She's holding up all right.
For now.
She's strong in ways
you'd never even know.
Say goodbye.
Not this day.
This day, the next,
a hundred years, it's nothing.
It's a heartbeat.
You'll never be ready.
The only woman
whose love you've prized
will be snatched from you.
And will that satisfy you?
Satisfaction is not in my nature.
Surrender is not in mine.
- The son of Odin...
- No.
Not just of Odin.
You think you alone
were loved of Mother?
You had her tricks,
but I had her trust.
Trust?
Was that her last expression?
Trust? When you let her die?
- What help were you in your cell?
- Who put me there?
Who put me there?
You know damn well!
You know damn well who!
She wouldn't want us to fight.
Well, she wouldn't exactly be shocked.
I wish I could trust you.
Trust my rage.
Jane isn't calling me back,
Erik isn't calling me back,
stupid S.H.I.E.L.D.
isn't calling me back.
- What's S.H.I.E.L.D?
- It's a secret.
Hey, Erik, it's Darcy again.
Thor came back,
he took Jane to Asgard,
and I'm not sure what
I'm supposed to do.
Something else
went missing this week
when astrophysicist Dr. Erik Selvig
notable for his involvement
in the alien invasion of New York
streaked nude across...
Darcy, you really need to look at this.
Your friend, Erik...
What was his last name again?
And began shouting at visitors
to the historic site.
He was later taken
into police custody
for psychiatric evaluation.
Police are still refusing to confirm...
This man declined the Nobel Peace Prize.
He said peace wasn't an achievement,
it was a responsibility.
See, it's stuff like this
that gives me trust issues.
We have to stop the launch.
I don't think the Council's
accepting my calls anymore.
What's that?
Once the helicarriers reach 3,000 feet,
they'll triangulate with Insight satellites,
becoming fully weaponized.
We need to breach those carriers
and replace their targeting
blades with our own.
One or two won't cut it.
We need to link all three
carriers for this to work,
because if even one of those
ships remains operational,
a whole lot of people are gonna die.
We have to assume everyone
aboard those carriers is HYDRA.
We have to get past them,
insert these server blades.
And maybe, just maybe
we can salvage what's left...
We're not salvaging anything.
We're not just taking down
the carriers, Nick.
We're taking down S.H.I.E.L.D.
S.H.I.E.L.D. had nothing to do with this.
You gave me this mission.
This is how it ends.
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s been compromised.
You said so yourself.
HYDRA grew right under your
nose and nobody noticed.
Why do you think we're meeting
in this cave? I noticed.
How many paid the price before you did?
Look, I didn't know about Barnes.
Even if you had, would you have told me?
Or would you have
compartmentalized that, too?
S.H.I.E.L.D., HYDRA,
it all goes.
He's right.
Don't look at me.
I do what he does, just slower.
Well...
It looks like you're giving
the orders now, Captain.
We looked for you, after.
My folks wanted to give you
a ride to the cemetery.
I know, I'm sorry.
I just kind of wanted to be alone.
How was it?
It was okay.
She's next to Dad.
I was gonna ask...
I know what you're gonna
say, Buck. I just...
We can put the couch
cushions on the floor
like when we were kids.
It'll be fun.
All you got to do is shine my shoes,
maybe take out the trash.
Come on.
Thank you, Buck,
but I can get by on my own.
The thing is, you don't have to.
I'm with you to the end of the line, pal.
He's gonna be there, you know.
I know.
Look, whoever he used to be
and the guy he is now,
I don't think he's the kind you save.
He's the kind you stop.
I don't know if I can do that.
Well, he might not give you a choice.
He doesn't know you.
He will.
Gear up. It's time.
You gonna wear that?
No. If you're gonna fight a war,
you got to wear a uniform.
Oh, man.
I am so fired.
Careful, there.
It's a limited edition.
Hey, uh, Ponytail Express.
What's the mileage count
between Tennessee and Miami?
832 miles.
Very nice.
I'm good like that.
Can you, uh, stop that?
Break it, you bought it.
I think I bought it.
Okay, that wasn't mine to give away.
That belongs to my friend's sister.
And that's why
I'm gonna kill you first.
- What are you gonna do to me?
- You'll see.
You're zip-tied to a bed.
This.
That.
Are you coming out?
Do not open. Do not open.
Don't open. Don't open.
All right. Let's go.
You... You breathe fire? Okay.
It's a glorious day, Savin.
This time tomorrow,
I'll have the West's
most powerful leader in one hand,
and the world's
most feared terrorist in the other.
I'll own the war on terror.
Create supply and demand.
For you, for your brothers and sisters.
Trust me,
you're gonna be in a puddle of blood
on the ground in five, four, three...
Come on! Two...
How did we get this shift?
All right,
I'm gonna give you a chance to escape.
Put down your weapons.
Tie yourselves to those chairs.
I'll let you live.
In five, four, bang!
- Ooh!
- Wow. That was...
You should be gone by now.
You should've already been gone.
I am just beyond terrified.
Here it comes.
- Three, four...
- Shut up.
Five, four, three, two, one!
Told you.
Where's the rest?
Honestly,
I hate working here. They are so weird.
Ah! Better late than never.
Not this time.
Not the face.
Phew! It's good to be back.
Hello, by the way.
Oh, hello, sir.
All personnel, Stark is loose
and somewhere in the compound.
Repeat, Stark is loose
Ah! Let's go!
Aw, crap.
Tony?
Rhodey, tell me
that was you in the suit.
- No. You got yours?
- Uh... Mmm.
Kind of.
Main house, as fast as you can.
There's somebody I'd like you to meet.
You, you, you! Move! Get out!
The room is secure.
I have eyes on the Mandarin.
What's this? I had winners.
What have you come as?
You make a move,
and I break your face.
I never thought people had been hurt.
They lied to me.
This is the Mandarin?
Yeah, I know, it's...
It's embarrassing.
Hi, Trevor. Trevor Slattery.
I know I'm shorter in person.
A bit smaller. Everyone says that.
But, um, hey,
if you're here to arrest me,
there's some people I'd like to roll on.
Here's how it works, Meryl Streep.
You tell him where Pepper is
and he'll stop doing it.
Doing what?
Oh! I get it! Ow! That hurt.
I get it! I get it!
I don't know about any Pepper,
but I know about the plan.
Spill.
Do you know
what they did to my suit?
What? No.
But I do know it's happening
off the coast.
Something to do with a big boat.
I can take you there.
Olé, olé, olé, olé!
Tony, I swear to God,
I'm gonna blow his face off.
Oh, and this next bit may include
the vice president as well.
Is that...
Is that important?
- Somewhat.
- Yeah, a little bit.
So?
What are we gonna do?
I mean, we don't have any transport.
Right.
Hey, Ringo.
Didn't you say something
about a "lovely speedboat"?
If he's right about the location,
we're 20 minutes from where Pepper is.
But we also have to figure out this
- vice president thing, right?
- Right.
I wonder who I'm calling right now.
Oh! That's the vice president.
Thanks.
Hello?
Sir, this is Tony Stark.
Welcome back to the land of the living.
We believe you're about to be drawn
into the Mandarin campaign.
We gotta get you somewhere safe
as soon as possible.
Mr Stark, I'm about
to eat honey-roast ham,
surrounded by the Agency's finest.
The president's safe on Air Force One
with Colonel Rhodes.
I think we're good, here.
Sir, this is Colonel Rhodes.
They're using the Iron Patriot
as a Trojan horse.
They're gonna take out
the president somehow.
We have to immediately
alert that plane.
Okay, I'm on it.
I'll have security lock it down.
If need be, they can have
F-22s in the air in 30 seconds.
- Thank you, Colonel.
- Rhodes and Stark out.
Everything okay, sir?
Couldn't be better.
I love you, babe.
Colonel Rhodes.
Glad to see you could make it, son.
I feel safer already.
The universe rotates
on a 5,000-year cycle
and once a cycle,
all the worlds align.
Imagine...
Imagine that this is our world.
Thank you.
And this is another world.
Normally, they're separate.
But during the Alignment,
everything is connected,
all nine realms.
All nine realms are passing
through each other
and gravity, light, and even matter,
is crashing from
one world to the other.
But if this happens to us now,
the result will be cataclysmic.
My gravimetric spikes can stabilize
the focal point of the Convergence.
This time, the Alignment
and all the other worlds
would just pass us by.
It's beautiful.
It's simple. Any questions?
Yeah.
Can I have my shoe back?
You'll have to sign for your
father's belongings, Mr. Selvig.
What?
Oh, yeah.
My father, Dr. Erik Selvig.
One man's leather wallet, brown.
One key ring, three keys.
Prescription medicine...
Various.
- And...
- Erik.
- These.
- Yeah.
Those.
Thank goodness.
Erik.
Yes?
It's Darcy.
Darcy.
So good to see you.
I missed you, too.
How did you find me?
You were naked on TV.
Okay, time to go, lots to do.
Getting weird now.
I should not be left
in charge of stuff like this.
I don't get paid enough.
I don't get paid, period.
I'm Ian by the way,
Darcy's intern.
Yeah, I don't get paid either.
Are you all right?
I've had a god in my brain.
I don't recommend it.
Dr. Selvig, sir,
your gear is beeping at me.
It's happening.
It's sooner than I calculated.
Wait. What's happening?
Birds?
Birds are happening?
They're starlings.
It's called a murmuration.
My dad, he used to take me
bird watching as a kid.
- Nerd.
- Look!
Where did they go?
What the hell was that?
Why are you smiling?
There's nothing more reassuring
than realizing that the world
is crazier than you are.
Take me to Jane's lab.
Jane.
Malekith.
All right. Are you ready?
I am.
You know, this plan of yours
is going to get us killed.
Yes, possibly.
You still don't trust me, brother?
Would you?
No, I wouldn't.
Thor!
No!
You really think I cared about Frigga?
About any of you?
All I ever wanted
was you and Odin
dead at my feet!
Malekith!
I am Loki of Jotunheim,
and I bring you a gift.
I ask only one thing in return...
A good seat from which
to watch Asgard burn.
Look at me.
Loki! Now!
No!
See you in hell, monster.
No. No, no, no.
Oh, you fool, you didn't listen.
I know...
I'm a fool, I'm a fool.
Stay with me, okay?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
It's all right.
I'll tell Father
what you did here today.
I didn't do it for him.
No!
We are in final launch sequence.
We are go on guidance.
All personnel to launch stations.
And how was your flight?
Lovely.
The ride from the airport, less so.
Sadly, S.H.I.E.L.D. can't control everything.
Including Captain America.
This facility is biometrically controlled.
And these will give you
unrestricted access.
I've been parking there for two months.
- But it's his spot.
- So where's he been?
I think Afghanistan.
Negative DT Six. The pattern is full.
Well, he could've said something.
Must be the dish.
I'll check it out.
Triskelion command request
we clear the area for launch.
Excuse us.
I know the road hasn't
exactly been smooth,
and some of you would have gladly
kicked me out of the car along the way.
Finally, we're here.
And the world should be grateful.
Attention all S.H.I.E.L.D. agents,
this is Steve Rogers.
You've heard a lot about me
over the last few days.
Some of you were even ordered
to hunt me down.
But I think it's time you know the truth.
S.H.I.E.L.D. is not
what we thought it was.
It's been taken over by HYDRA.
Alexander Pierce is their leader.
The S.T.R.I.K.E. and Insight crew
are HYDRA as well.
I don't know how many more,
but I know they're in the building.
They could be standing right next to you.
They almost have what they want.
Absolute control.
They shot Nick Fury.
And it won't end there.
If you launch those helicarriers today,
HYDRA will be able to kill anyone
that stands in their way.
Unless we stop them.
I know I'm asking a lot.
But the price of freedom is high.
It always has been.
And it's a price I'm willing to pay.
And if I'm the only one, then so be it.
But I'm willing to bet I'm not.
Did you write that down first,
or was it off the top of your head?
You smug son of a bitch.
Arrest him.
I guess I've got the floor.
Preempt the launch sequence.
Send those ships up now.
Is there a problem?
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm not gonna launch those ships.
Captain's orders.
Move away from your station.
Like he said...
Hold it right there.
Put the gun down!
Captain's orders.
You picked the wrong side, Agent.
Depends on where you're standing.
Close the bay door!
Close the bay door now!
They're initiating launch.
Oh! Here he comes.
Here he comes. Get a quick picture.
Sure.
Oh!
Everything all right, Colonel?
It is an honour, Mr President.
If you're gonna do it, do it!
Whoa! Cool your boots, sir.
That's not how the Mandarin works.
Sir, Air Force One
has been compromised.
Internal shots, temperature spikes.
Get me eyes on it now.
Image coming through now, sir.
Was that Rhodes?
We gotta make a decision.
We can either save the president,
or Pepper. We can't do both.
Sir, I have an
update from Malibu.
The cranes have finally arrived,
and the cellar doors
are being cleared as we speak.
And what about
the suit I'm wearing?
The armour is now at 92%.
That's going to have to do.
Is anyone there?
Let us out!
The President.
Now.
He's not here.
Try the jet stream?
Speaking of which, go fish.
Walk away from that, you son of a bitch.
How many in the air?
Thirteen, sir.
- How many can I carry?
- Four, sir.
Slow down. Slow down, relax.
What's your name? Heather?
Oh, God! No! No!
Listen to me.
See that guy?
I'm gonna swing by,
you're just gonna grab him.
- You got it?
- What? Oh!
I'll electrify your arm,
you won't be able to open your hand.
We can do this, Heather.
Easy, see? Eleven more to go.
Remember that game
called Barrel of Monkeys?
That's what we're going to do.
18,000 feet.
Come on, people.
Everybody, grab your monkey.
Nice.
10,000 feet.
6,000 feet.
Come on, people.
Come on, come on, come on!
Yeah!
1,000 feet.
400 feet.
200 feet, sir.
He's a chunky monkey,
let's get him.
Hello.
We made it!
Nice work, guys!
Excellent.
Good team effort all around. Go us.
All right, Jarvis.
But it's only half-done.
We've still got to get Pepper...
That came out of nowhere.
Wow.
Give me some good news, man.
I think they all made it.
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, but I missed the president.
You couldn't save the president
with the suit,
how are we gonna save Pepper
with nothing?
Uh... Say, Jarvis,
is it that time?
The House Party protocol sir?
Correct.
Hi.
You think he's gonna help you?
He won't.
Having you here is not
just to motivate Tony Stark. It's, um...
Well, it's actually
more embarrassing than that.
You're here as my, um...
Trophy.
Mmm.
Good evening, sir.
Welcome aboard, Mr President.
He's going to unleash it.
Not just on Asgard, or on a star.
Malekith is going to destroy everything.
How?
Jane, how?
I saw him on Earth.
Why would he go to Earth?
The Convergence.
Oh, God.
None of this would have happened
if I hadn't found the Aether.
Then Malekith would've
only possessed it
that much sooner.
I only found it because
I was looking for you.
Jane...
Now we're trapped here.
It's not me.
Hello?
Hi, Jane, it's Richard.
Richard? Where are you?
I'm still at the office.
It's been a crazy day here today.
- Oh, my God, this is amazing.
- Is it?
I quite enjoyed our lunch
despite never actually
ordering anything.
How am I getting service here?
Is this a bad time?
Do you want me to try you later?
No, no, no. Please, whatever you do,
do not hang up the phone.
Okay, then.
I was just wondering
if you want to try again.
Maybe dinner next time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Just stay on the phone, okay?
- Yeah, I will.
Oh, my God.
Am I interrupting something?
No, no, no. Nothing at all.
Come on.
I'm losing you there.
Are you in a tunnel?
Where are we going?
Hello?
Why are there
so many shoes in here?
I'll just text her.
So, who's Richard?
Really?
- Jane!
- Hey.
You can't just leave like that.
The whole world is going crazy.
All the stuff we saw is spreading.
- Did you go to a party?
- Erik?
Jane! How wonderful.
- You've been to Asgard.
- Where are your pants?
He says it helps him think.
Okay, well, I'm going to need
everything you got on this.
All the work you've been doing
on gravimetric anomalies, everything.
Okay.
Are you well, Erik?
Your brother's not coming, is he?
Loki is dead.
Oh, thank God!
I meant, I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Forgive me, my liege.
I've returned from
the Dark World with news.
Thor?
There was no sign of Thor,
or the weapon, but...
What?
We found a body.
Loki.